Fix/small adjustments (#88)
deNBI/simplevm-user-docs: wiki/index.md

Frequently asked questions.

## General Information on support requests

If you are using **SimpleVM** you can contact the **Cloud-Portal Helpdesk**. For **Openstack-Projects** please always contact the administrators of the cloud-site your project is allocated to, first - the same holds for Kubernetes-projects.

> One does get an overview of all support addresses [here](https://cloud.denbi.de/support/).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project is hosted on the de.NBI Cloud, you can access a list of all the support addresses [here](https://cloud.denbi.de/support/).   
```
